Dude, Stop findings in the code i guess

award stuff:
Award called NYI in AwardName (long homemade cup)
Flashback trophy? is TWICE (like playing pack1 twice)
Headache 1: Swedish and broken cup are named JIGSAW_COMPLETE_BAD and, get ready, Pack2_Good (you had one job patomkin, ONE. JOB.)
Long cup's little brother is LongTiny_Cup
Headache 2: Pack11 cups were coded before Pack 4
Gone in 20 seconds is EXAM_FAST
Pizza cups are in thhis order:
PIZZA_CUTTER (no this is not where the pizza cutter bonus name came from)
PIZZA_PINEAPPLE 
PIZZA_NECKLACE
PIZZA_FIRST (maybe the ham)
Headache 3: Pack 6 cups are switched between Pack6 and StoryPack
The cone of shame is reffered to as dogThing
Order matters is HANOI_TOWER
Fridge is prob child pics
Headache 4: Pack12 has Pack13 references
Glitches:
1: Scriptskipping
Scriptskipping is super simple to do, doesn't softlock, and is used to skip parts of dialogue
Steps:
Be in a puzzle
When solving the puzzle, exit it.
Spam leftclick and if the game doesn't get stuck and you get sent to the next puzzle, you did it correctly
It may not seem like much but essentially what will happen is for the next puzzles you solve (depending on the situation), the game will change some variable and skip some scripts, thus sending you to the next puzzle with a left click (game thinks you completed it)

Skippables are:
🞄 Cup endings
🞄 Story Pack/Pack10? puzzles
🞄 99.9%
🞄 Hundred Photos
🞄 Cracks
🞄 Puzzles in Pack 8 if completed before
🞄 Wrong Bin (D.U.C.K Puzzle)
🞄 Laundry
🞄 Food photos
🞄 Parking Lesson
🞄 Password
🞄 Repeatedly done puzzles

Sub glitches:
Dogskip
in pack 6, there is a time consuming puzzle where you must wait with a dog outside for 55 seconds.
every puzzle in this pack finishes automatically and once you wait for the narrator,
you could scriptskip but that doesn't count as you skip a puzzle along the way
the reason above 2 lines is the reason why the puzzleskip happens
if you complete the puzzle normally, you will have to scriptskip the Meowdoor puzzle
hence, you won't get enough checkmarks to unlock the cake, and therefore, pack 7

It is still possible to skip this puzzle to quickly complete the pack while earning a cake and pack 7
Steps:
Scriptskip any level
Once the Empty Glass puzzle apears, solve it normally but DO NOT LEFT CLICK.
When the narrators dialog finishes, LEFT CLICK.
Go to the main menu
Start Pack 6 and go through the 3 puzzles before Shoehungry.
In Shoehungry (4th puzzle) solve but DO NOT LEFT CLICK until you are at the Dogwalk puzzle.
When you get to Dogwalk, leftclick to skip it
You are now free to continue to pack 7!
